# Privacy Policy

**Updated June 24, 2015**

Your privacy is important to us. At Larasites we have a few fundamental
principles around privacy:

1. We don’t ask you for personal information unless we truly need it.
2. We don’t share your personal information with anyone except to comply with
   the law, develop our products, or protect our rights.
3. We don’t store personal information on our servers unless required for the
   on-going operation of one of our services

We are Next (Pty) Ltd. operates Larasites.com. It is We Are Next’s (Pty) Ltd.
policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while
operating our websites.

**Website Visitors**

Larasites collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web
browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type,
language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor
request. Larasites’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying
information is to better understand how Larasites’s visitors use its website.
From time to time, Larasites may release non-personally-identifying information
in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its
website.  Larasites also collects potentially personally-identifying
information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. Larasites does not use such
information to identify its visitors, and does not disclose such information,
other than under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses
personally-identifying information, as described below.

**Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information**

Certain visitors to Larasitess websites choose to interact with Larasites in
ways that require Larasites to gather personally-identifying information. The
amount and type of information that Larasites gathers depends on the nature of
the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up account at
Larasites.com to provide a username and email address. Larasites collects such
information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose
of the visitors interaction with Larasites. Larasites does not disclose
personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors
can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat
that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.

**Aggregated Statistics**

Larasites may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its
websites. Larasites may display this information publicly or provide it to
others. However, Larasites does not disclose personally-identifying information
other than as described below.

**Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information**

Larasites discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors
and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to
process it on Larasitess behalf or to provide services available at Larasitess
websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those
employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of
your home country; by using Larasites website, you consent to the transfer of
such information to them. Larasites will not rent or sell potentially
personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other
than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described
above, Larasites discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when
Larasites believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to
protect the property or rights of Larasites, third parties or the public at
large. If you are a registered user of the Larasites website and have supplied
your email address, Larasites may occasionally send you an email to tell you
about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with
whats going on with Larasites and our products. If you send us a request (for
example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve
the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request
or to help us support other users. Larasites takes all measures reasonably
necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or
destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying
information.

**Cookies**

A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitors
computer, and that the visitors browser provides to the website each time the
visitor returns. Larasites uses cookies to help us identify and track visitors,
their usage of Larasites website, and their website access preferences.
Larasites visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers
should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Larasitess websites,
with the drawback that certain features of Larasitess websites may not function
properly without the aid of cookies.

**Privacy Policy Changes**

Although most changes are likely to be minor, Larasites may change its Privacy
Policy from time to time, and in Larasites sole discretion. Larasites
encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its
Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this
Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.

> This Privacy Policy was crafted from Wordpress.com's version, which is
> available under a Creative Commons Sharealike license.
